When starting the SmartV2 application, the user is prompted to open a 
new model or an existing model. Upon clicking "New model" button, the 
user is asked to provide a name for the new model. Upon clicking "Open 
model" button, LoadFile selector window will open in starting in the 
"data" folder. Only files with the ".model" extension are visible and 
can be selected. Clicking the "Open" button will load the selected model
and continue to the application. Clicking the "Cancel" button will open 
a model with default "untitled" name.

The SmartV2 application window reflects the name of the currently active
model.

Inside the SmartV2 application, the user can load and save their 
experiments and models. "Save" button for model and experiment in the 
dropdown menu opens a SaveFile window. In the SaveFile window the user 
must provide a file name to save the model under. If there is already a 
file with an identical name in the same folder, the user is prompted and
asked to allow overwriting of that file. When clicking "OK" the old file
will be overwritten with the new save file. When clicking "Cancel" the 
user will be sent back to the SaveFile window. Models are saved with 
".model" extensions automatically appended if not already present. 
Experiments are saved with ".exp" extensions automatically appended if 
not already present. The model is saved with default values for 
parameters and states. The experiment values are saved with it's 
corresponding model.
